what's up guys check 54 HD here and
welcome to my serious kill team on fifa
12 now doesn't see here we are using the
4231 formation and I'm not just going to
be using your manager this time I've you
know sort of changed my ways about
managers I believe they actually lower
your chemistry if you have caught you
know nine Commissioner in each player
I'll get back to you I'll get to that
point in a second but doesn't see here
guys in goal we have Stekelenburg
obviously a really good goalkeeper and
one that you know in my opinion is the
best in Syria of the non informed gold
one so send about guys we have Samuel
here's actually injured at the moment so
you know don't take anything off your
nose about that of actually buying him
send it back again we have mech says
again a really nice player both these
players have 60 pace or so and you know
really did a good job at the back right
back there isn't any other person to
have other than a bart a 91 pace and he
is an incredible player everyone in his
every plan this team guys actually has
nine chemistry so that is obviously no
need for manager as you're going to be
what about one chemistry less than a
hundred so you know there's really
really no need of buying one so taiwo is
a she you know i think a tuesday us
killer but he's got a ea pace 82
defending an 86 heading and as we all
know incredible free kicks you know I
think he's got 93 shot power as well so
they're gonna be thrown quite a few
long-range goals with him first sent the
defense mid is Cambiasso now this guy is
an absolute machine really solid in
midfield and really does hold the line
well you know in the midfield and you
can actually score some really good long
shots great passing ability as well and
you know rii does the job well in their
next in the difference mid is Rossi and
he actually has incredible long shots as
well both these players have you know
really good shot up shot power and that
as many the reason why I got them in my
midfielder like to score a lot of goals
with these players and I like to have a
wide range of players that I can using
those killers long shot taken in you
know the like so as you can see in the
first in attacking mid position we
actually have Robinho he is obviously
and you know the force and afford but
as certain attacker meadow belief he
pays a lot more better this is the first
of the five stops killers and you know I
believe you don't really need skill is
for sentence offense the mid and sin and
while the two center defensive mids I
think it's bit pointless you need to
sort of two good players there just to
hold the line and you know give a good
estrella of balls and passes in the
midfield so this next sent the tech mid
guys is Giovinco now he's an incredibly
good player 90 10 paise and 89 dribbling
five-star skills again which makes him
you know a lot more better than that you
know just 891 pace he does honestly
there's some incredible long shots as
well and obviously you know it's
dribbling and he's incredibly agile just
like Robinho these two players are
pretty small I think you will see they
are around 5 for a and Giovinco is
actually five foot five so both too
pretty small players but this is going
to be the main man in this team from my
opinion yavitt itch is probably the best
player ever played with an ultimate team
and I think a lot of people can vouch
for me if they've played with him at all
I know a lot of people commented it in
my recent God's compilation that you
know you have a Titch is the best player
for you know its value 1000 coins in my
information i'm sure you can put me up
for around 750 coins or less here's that
cheap and five kills again really really
good player highly recommend him I think
of care so I knew about me definitely
make a beast on him is that good so
struck guys we have Pato there is no
other person for it again 43 well
information and five-star skills not
much more concerned about this player
problem that is an incredible pair
definitely we've got buying guys you
know this team actually as 99 chemistry
all of them in the right information you
won't get 99 chemistry about that and
you know it's just an incredible team
I've really highly recommend buying it I
think it's actually less than 50k so
unless on the ps3 so i can imagine on
xbox it would be a lot cheaper than that
and you know it's definitely a team you
should go out and buy because it's
coming to any of the video if you want
to see some goals using this team then
be sure to hit the annotation on the
screen at the end of this video which
would be just a little short clip of it
or
over just a video in a black screen so
guys thanks for watching go check out
the goals compilation with some of the
goals from these players in it and I
hope you have enjoyed this video hit the
like button if you have enjoyed the
video and thanks for watching